I think it is very hard to be the right
amount of AGI pilled. It's very easy to
build a product for the super AGI strong
model. The hard thing is figuring out
for the current model, how do you elicit
the maximum capability?
>> I've never seen anything like the pace
you folks at Anthropic are shipping at.
>> We want to remove every single barrier
to shipping things. The timelines for a
lot of our product features have gone
down from 6 months to 1 month and
sometimes to even 1 day.
>> You're interviewing hundreds of PMs and
you just keep feeling like they're
approaching it very incorrectly.
>> The PM role is changing a lot. It's
changing really quickly. The thing that
is extremely important for building AI
native products is iterating so quickly.
Figuring out a way for you to actually
launch features every single week.
>> What do you think are the emerging
skills PMs need to develop?
>> back to product taste. As code becomes
much cheaper to write, the thing that
becomes more valuable is deciding what
to write.
>> Today my guest is Kat Wu, head of
product for Cloud Coding who work at
Anthropic. Kat is at the center of
everything that is changing in AI and
product and building and she and her
team are building the product that is
most changing the way that we all build
our products. She is so full of insights
and wisdom and lessons. This is an
episode you cannot miss. Before we get
into it, don't forget to check out
Lenny's product pass.com for an insane
set of deals available exclusively to
Lenny's newsletter subscribers. With
that, I bring you Kat Wu.
Kat, welcome to the podcast.
>> Thanks for having me.
>> I have so many questions. I'm so excited
to have you on this podcast. I want to
start with giving people an
understanding of your role alongside
Boris. Uh everybody knows Boris. This
he's his episode is the number one most
popular episode on this podcast. No
pressure.
He uh created Cloud Code. He leads the
eng team, ships a a bazillion PRs a day
from his phone just like
I don't even know what the number is
anymore.
I think people don't give you enough
credit for the success that Claude code
has had and co-work and all the things
y'all are building.
Help us understand your role on the
team, how you work with Boris, how you
split responsibilities, just like what
does the PM role look like on on the
Claude code team?
>> I feel very lucky to work with Boris.
He's been an amazing thought partner.
He's our tech lead, he's very much the
product visionary, and he is great at
setting like this is what the product
needs to be in like 3 months, 6 months
from now. This is like what the AGI pill
version of the product is.
And a lot of my role is figuring out,
okay, what is the path from where we are
today to like that vision 3 to 6 months
from now. And I I spend more of my time
on the cross-functional, so making sure
that our marketing team, sales team,
finance, capacity, etc. are like bought
in on the plan and that we're all rowing
the same direction. And that once the
feature is ready, that there aren't any
blockers to shipping it. I think in many
ways it works well because we kind of
like mind meld, but it is actually like
remarkably blurry of a line. Like I
think we're like 80% mind meld, and then
there's like this 20% of things that
like maybe I care a lot more about than
Boris, so like I'll drive those and then
like 20% where he cares a lot more than
me and he just like drives those.
>> This episode is brought to you by our
season's presenting sponsor WorkOS. What
do OpenAI, Anthropic, Cursor, Vercel,
Replit, Sierra, Clay, and hundreds of
other winning companies all have in
common? They are all powered by WorkOS.
If you're building a product for the
enterprise, you've felt the pain of
integrating single sign-on, SCIM, RBA,
audit logs, and other features required
by large companies. WorkOS turns those
deal blockers into drop-in APIs with a
modern developer platform built
specifically for B2B SaaS. Literally
every startup that I'm an investor in
that starts to expand upmarket ends up
working with WorkOS. And that's because
they are the best. Whether you are seed
stage startup trying to land your first
enterprise customer or a unicorn
expanding globally, WorkOS is the
fastest path to becoming enterprise
ready and unblocking growth. It's
essentially Stripe for enterprise
features. Visit workos.com to get
started or just hit up their Slack where
they have actual engineers waiting to
answer your questions. WorkOS allows you
to build faster with delightful APIs,
comprehensive docs, and a smooth
developer experience. Go to workos.com
to make your app enterprise ready today.
Something that you shared actually
before we started recording is the fact
that you're interviewing hundreds of PMs
all the time. Like, if I had a nickel
every time someone asked me for an intro
to someone at Anthropic to go work at
Anthropic as a PM, I'd be I'd be I'd
have 30 billion in ARR.
It's just like the number one place
people want to go work at. So, I can
only imagine how many PMs you're
interviewing.
You told me that you're just seeing
people doing it doing it wrong. The way
they're approaching what they think it
takes to be a successful AI PM. Talk
about what you're seeing and what people
need to understand about what it is what
it takes to be successful these days.
>> I think before AI, technology shifts
were a lot slower, so you could plan on
these 6 to 12-month time horizons. And
because you were shipping features at a
bit of a slower rate, there was a lot
more emphasis on coordinating with all
the other partner teams to make sure
that they're shipping features that
unblock your features because code at
that time was very expensive to make.
Um I think now with AI and with how much
that has accelerated engineering and
with how quickly the model capabilities
are improving, the timelines for a lot
of our product features have gone down
from 6 months to 1 month and sometimes
to 1 week or even 1 day. And with that,
we actually need to make sure that
products ship quite quickly. And what
that means is as a PM, there should be
less emphasis on
making sure that you're aligning your
like multi-quarter roadmaps with your
partner teams, and more emphasis on,
okay, how can we figure out the fastest
way to get something out the door? How
can we figure out how to make like a
concept corner of our product suite
where we can just
an engineer has an idea or a PM has an
idea, and like by the end of the week,
we are able to get into our users'
hands. I I think the PMs who do the best
on AI native products
are are the ones who can figure out, how
can I like shorten the time from having
this idea to actually getting the
product in the hands of users, and help
define what are the most important tasks
that need to work out of the box for my
product.
>> So, what I love about this is what
you're saying is just like people
haven't grasped how fast they need to
move and what how much of the job now is
just moving is helping the team move
fast.
What what helps do that? What do you
What do you do? What does your PM team
do to help them move this fast other
than have access to the the most
advanced models?
>> I think the first thing is to set clear
goals. Because LLMs are so general, that
actually creates a lot of ambiguity in
who we're building for, what problems
we're trying to solve, what the top use
cases are. And so, I think a great PM is
able to say, okay, our our key user is
professional developers. Uh the main
problem uh the main problem that we want
to solve for this feature is maybe
there's like too many permission
problems and people are feeling fatigue,
and like the the use case is we we want
professional developers at enterprises
to safely get to zero permission
prompts. And that actually sets a pretty
clear goal because it it rules out a lot
of potential approaches for reducing
permission prompts so that people can uh
I a lot more done with one prompt.
And then I think the second thing that's
very important is figuring out some
repeatable process for getting these
features shipped. So, uh for Cloud Code,
what we do is we actually ship almost
all of our features in research preview.
We clearly brand this um when we ship
something so that users know that this
is an early product. This is just an
idea. This is just something that we're
trying to get feedback on and iterating
on and that this might not be supported
forever.
And what this does is it reduces it
reduces our commitment for shipping
something. We can just get something out
in a week or two.
And the third thing that a PM should do
is help create the framework for the
team so that they know when to pull in
cross-functional partners and what those
cross-functional partners' expectations
are. So, for example, we have a really
tight process between engineering,
marketing, and docs. So, when engineers
have a feature that they feel is ready
and that we've dogfooded internally,
they post it in our evergreen launch
room. And then Sarah, who leads our
docs, and Alex, who leads PMM, and Tarek
and Lydia on DevRel just like jump in
and can turn around the the marketing
announcement for it the very next day.
And because we have this really tight
process, it lowers the friction for any
engineer to ship something. Um PM is the
role that should be setting this up.
>> How do PRDs fit into this? So, the fact
that you said that goals are really
important part of just like being
aligned on what does success look like?
Who is this for? Who is this not for?
Are you writing PRDs? Is it just like a
couple bullet points? How does How does
that evolve in the the world of a PM?
>> So, there's two two things that we do.
One is we have very rigorous metrics and
we do metrics readouts with the entire
team every week. The goal of this is to
make sure that everyone deeply
understands all the facets of our
business, what our key goals are, how
they're trending, and what drives them.
The second thing that we do is we have
this list of team principles.
And this includes who our key users are,
why those are our key users, and the
reason that we articulate all of this is
so that everybody on the team feels like
they understand how our business works,
they understand what's important to us,
and what we're willing to trade off, and
it lets people make decisions by
themselves without feeling like they're
blocked on PM or any other stakeholder.
>> I love how so much of this is like,
okay, we still need PMs in the future.
There's so much talk of like, why do we
need PMs? We're just going to ship and
build, we need engineers.
>> Oh, we actually do PRDs sometimes. So, I
I think for our features that are like
particularly ambiguous, it it does help
to write out just a one-pager on what
the goals are, uh what the delightful
use cases are, what the failure modes
currently are that we need to fix. And
there are occasionally some projects,
especially things that require heavy
infrastructure, that do take many
months, and for those situations, we do
write PRDs still.
>> I want to drill a little bit further
into just how you're able to move so
fast. I've never seen anything like the
pace folks at Anthropic are shipping at.
Like, someone made this calendar of
launches across Anthropic, and it was
literally every day there was like a
major feature or product. So, one
question people had online is uh you
guys just launched this uh incredible
not launched but built this incredible
model, Mythos, that is still in preview
cuz it's so powerful people are a little
afraid of what it can do.
Have you guys been using this? Is this
part of the reason you've been able to
move so fast?
>> We've been moving pretty fast for
several quarters now, so I think it it's
not fully Mythos. Um Mythos is an
incredibly powerful model. We do use the
models internally, and I think this has
increased our rate of shipping a little
bit, but I don't think it explains the
bulk bulk of the increase. I I think a
lot of it is the process and the
expectation on the team. So, we're very
low on process. We want to remove every
single barrier to shipping things. We
want to make sure every single person on
our team feels empowered to take their
idea from just an idea to like out in
the world in less than a week. Sometimes
even in a day.
>> Cool. Oh man, what a what an advantage
to have the best model and also be
building product at Circle.
>> We are very lucky to be able to work
with the frontier models.
>> Oh my god, what a
what an awesome advantage. Just like
build a thing and then use it and then
accelerate faster. It's so interesting.
There's a couple like these other side
things I want to just kind of go on
these like side quests what on this
conversation. There's so much happening
with Anthropic and I just I'm so curious
to get your insight.
One is uh a week ago or so the whole
source code of Claude code leaked.
Somebody got it out there. You think it
was a mistake someone made. Is there
anything you comment there? Just like
what happened? What went wrong? What
should people know?
>> So we immediately looked into this when
we saw it. Um we realized that this was
the result of human error. There was um
a human working with Claude to write a
PR. This was just an update to how we
release our packages. And it actually
went through two layers of human review.
And so that this was a result of human
error and we've hardened our processes
to make sure that it doesn't happen in
the future.
>> Is this person still at Anthropic? Are
they doing all right?
>> Yes, yes. It's it's a process failure
and the most important thing is to just
like learn from it and to add more
safeguards so that doesn't happen again.
And so that's that's what we've been
focused on and most of those have
shipped.
>> Okay. Uh another question I had is open
claw.
Uh so recently there's been this move to
keep people from using Claude's
subscription with their open claws.
People get I got really upset. They're
confused why this is happening. It feels
like you're there's like I know harm
caused to the open source community.
What what are people What do people need
to understand about kind of what went
into this decision?
>> So we've been seeing a lot of demand for
Claude.
And we've been working very hard to both
scale our infrastructure and also to
make our harness more token efficient so
that you can get more usage out of it.
It wasn't designed for third-party
products which have different uh usage
patterns than our first-party ones. We
spent a bunch of time
trying to figure out what is the most
seamless transition that we can offer.
And so, I was very happy to be able to
say that everyone gets some credits
alongside their subscription.
But yeah, we we did have to make the
hard decision that we needed to
prioritize our first-party products and
our API. And so, this is the this is the
decision that resulted from that.
>> Yeah, this like to me it makes so much
sense. Like you guys are subsidizing
this usage at like 200 bucks a month and
there's like it's like basically
unlimited use of this and like I think
people don't understand businesses are
trying to make money. We're trying to be
profitable here. We can't just like give
away compute when it's so in demand. So,
I get it. Coming back to the PM team,
what does just like the PM team look
like at Anthropic? How many PMs are
there? How are they kind of organized?
>> Yeah, so we have a few PM teams. Um I
think we're maybe around 30 or 40 PMs
right now. Uh so, we have the research
PM team
uh who Diane leads. And this team is
responsible for understanding all of the
feedback from our customers for our
models and then feeding that to the best
research team to act on it. And they
also shepherd the model launch.
Um there is the Claude developer
platform team that maintains the APIs
that Claude Code is built on top of. And
they also release things like managed
agents, which is a way for you to build
your agents and we can host it on your
behalf.
And then there's Claude Code that works
on both Claude Code and the Co-work core
products.
There's enterprise that helps make
Claude Code and Co-work easier to adopt
for all of our enterprise customers. And
so, this is everything from like cost
controls, RBAC, security controls, and
just making sure that these enterprises
feel very confident and comfortable Uh
using using our tools.
And then we also have our growth team
that is responsible for growing across
our entire product suite. So we work
very closely with them on Cloud Code and
Co-work growth. And I know they also
work with
our other teams on CDP growth, so growth
of people who use the Cloud API.
>> So speaking of growth, so Amol was just
on the podcast. He had this really
interesting insight that most people
haven't been sharing. There's always the
sense that we need fewer PMs in the
future. What's the What do we need PMs?
Engineers can do ship.
His take is that because engineers are
moving so fast
PMs and designers are squeezed. There's
less time to stay on top of everything
that is happening. Every There's a
feature shipping every day. So his take
is he needs more PMs because it's hard
to keep up. What's your take there? Do
you feel like there'll be an increase in
hiring of PMs?
What do you think is going on with the
PM profession long-term?
>> I think all of the roles are merging.
PMs are doing some engineering work.
Engineers are doing PM work. Designers
are PMing and also landing code. You can
either hire a lot more engineers who
have great product taste or you can
keep your engineering hiring the same
and hire a lot more PMs to help guide
some of their work.
On our team we're
pretty focused on hiring engineers with
great product taste. This This way we
can reduce the amount of overhead for
shipping any product. Like there are
many engineers on our team who are fully
able to end-to-end go from see user
feedback on Twitter through to like ship
a product at the end of the week with
almost no product involvement. And this
I think is actually like the most
efficient way to ship something.
So I I think like
engineering and PM are kind of
overlapping and you will get a lot of
benefit from having more of either. I
think product taste is still a very rare
skill to have and we'll pretty much hire
anyone who we feel has
demonstrated this strongly.
>> And your background was in engineering,
right?
>> Yeah, I was an engineer for many years.
I was then a VC very briefly
uh before joining Anthropic.
And actually almost all the PMs on our
team have either been engineers or
shipped code uh here on Claude Code. And
so that that's one of the things that I
think helps build trust with the team
and also just enables
us to move a lot faster. And then
actually our designers also have been
front-end engineers before.
>> Wow. Cuz that's that's the big question.
Like there's definitely this emerging
that's happening, the Venn diagrams are
combining. I think the big question for
a lot of people is if you're coming from
engineering or product or design, which
of those core skills is going to be most
valuable? I could see it at Anthropic
and on Claude Code, engineering is very
valuable. I'm curious if other
companies, if you have a design
background becoming a PM is more
valuable or just the PM PM.
>> I still think it comes back to product
taste. Like as code becomes much cheaper
to write,
the thing that becomes more valuable is
deciding what to write. Like what is the
right UX for this feature? What is the
most delightful way that a user can
experience it? What like
we we get tens of thousands of GitHub
issues asking for
every single thing under the sun and
it takes a lot of
care and
taste to figure out, okay, which of
these is worth building and what is the
right way to build it? And I think that
that skill set can come from any
background, but I think that's the most
important thing. I think the reason why
an engineering background is
particularly useful, at least for the
next few months, is if you have an
engineering background, you have a
better sense for how hard something
should be and that's often a factor in
what you choose to build. So like if
something is very easy to build, then
maybe instead of debating it, you just
spend an hour doing it. But if something
is harder to build, and you know that up
front, then you know that, okay,
uh
this will just like cost a lot more for
uh for our team to get this out the
door. So, it helps a bit with the
prioritization.
>> You said uh in the next for the next few
months, is that just like because the
models will get so good potentially in
the next few months, you may not even
need to know that as much as much?
>> I think the value skill sets does change
quite frequently, and so it's really
hard to predict more than a few months
out. So, it's less a commentary on
what shift I think will happen, and more
of a commentary that I think large
shifts will happen.
>> So, you're not saying that's when Mythos
comes out and will change everything,
and we don't need to know anything about
engineering.
>> No, I'm just saying that every every few
months it seems like there's a
>> Yeah.
>> there's a large increase in coding
capability, which then changes what
other roles are valuable. I think the
the most important thing is to be able
to
to to have this like first principles
thinking, where you can figure out
how the tech landscape is changing, what
the team really needs from you, and to
like jump in and fix that hole, because
I think the work is becoming more
amorphous, which means that a great PM
is able to understand what all the gaps
are, to figure out what the highest
priority ones are, and then to just like
figure out, okay, how do I learn that
skill set, or what is like the skill set
that I have that I can like apply to
this challenge.
So, I I think the current environment
values people who are
who are able to wear a lot of hats, are
able to swap them, and are like very low
ego about what work they do to help the
team move faster.
>> I love this answer.
There's this question I've been asking
people in your in your shoes, folks that
are kind of at the bleeding edge of what
AI is capable of and building with the
latest tools, which is just like where
will human brains continue to be useful
and necessary for a while until we get
to super intelligence.
What I'm hearing here is essentially
picking the things to work on,
knowing where the market's going and
figuring out where what to prioritize
essentially, and then it's knowing if
the thing you've built is good and right
and getting it out there in some early
version at least. Does that sound right?
Is there anything else of just like
where human brains will continue to be
useful for at least the next few months?
>> I think humans still provide a level of
common sense that the models don't.
And there's like a thousand moving
pieces to any product launch. Some of
them are very small, but there's always
a lot that could potentially go wrong.
I think the model doesn't always have a
great sense of
who all the stakeholders are, how they
relate to each other, what their
preferences are, what are the right
venues to communicate with them to keep
them on board. I think a lot of this
like
more tacit common sense like EQ kind of
knowledge is still very valuable.
Of course, we want the models to get
better at this and I think they will be.
But right now, I think there's still
gaps.
>> How do you just kind of deal as a human
going through this so much constant
change just like just being on the
inside of the tornado? Maybe it's calm
there.
But just like how do you how do you stay
on top of what's going on? How do you
stay
sane through all this craziness that
we're moving through?
>> I think our team is full of people who
lean into the chaos. So, we try to face
every challenge with a smile because
there's always so much going on. There's
all there's always so many risks and
tricky situations that you know, if you
get too stressed about anything, you'll
burn out. And so, we really look for
people who
can kind of like look at a challenge, be
like, "Oof, that's going to be hard, but
I'm excited to tackle it, and I'm going
to do the best that I possibly can, and
I know I won't be perfect, but I'll be
able to sleep at night knowing that I
did my best."
>> That's an interesting answer to just
like what skills will be important in
this future cuz it's I forget who said
this, maybe Ben Man, that this is the
most normal this is the world will ever
be.
>> Yeah, it definitely gets harder. Like I
feel like
there are a lot of weeks where maybe
Sunday night there's some like P0, and
then by Monday there's like a P00, and
by Monday afternoon there's a P000, and
you're like, "Wow, I can't believe I was
so worried about that P0 from Sunday."
But I think you just have to acknowledge
that there's only so much that you can
do, that you need to sleep well so that
you can make good decisions next day,
and just like brutally prioritize where
you spend your time, what's the most
important thing to get right, and be
okay letting things go. Like there's
there's products that we ship that
aren't as polished as I wish they were,
but
you know, our our top goal is to help
empower professional developers, and if
a product isn't successful, as long as
it's not blocking the core use case,
it's okay, because we'll hear the
feedback and we'll fix it in the next
release.
Launching a feature that is buggy is the
kind of thing that would have kept me up
at night,
but
it is something that I'm now able to
like live with knowing that okay, we're
going to get that quick feedback, and
we're going to fix it in the next
release.
>> What I'm imagining is there's that gif,
I think it's maybe from Pirates of the
Caribbean, where it's this guy walking
down a pair of stairs on a ship, and the
whole ship is just being demolished
around him, and he's so chill, just
strolling down the staircase as
everything's falling apart. And that's
interesting cuz everyone I've met
through from Anthropic is just so chill,
and just so like optimistic.
>> Yeah, that's I think that's a really
interesting insight is just like having
this calmness and optimism versus just
like, "Oh my god, everything's crazy and
going going nuts."
>> Yeah. I think if you don't have it,
you'll get pretty burnt out.
I I think we also tend to hire people
who
have been in the industry for a while
and have experienced lots of ups and
downs and have a good sense for
what gives them energy and how to
maintain their energy over time. And I
think that helps us a lot.
>> So interesting.
Something that I wanted to ask about is
so there's these roles blurring.
Engineers are becoming PMs. Everyone's
cats, everyone's everyone.
What do What do we lose in that in that
world? Do we lose like career ladders
and clear career paths? Do we lose
design consistency, code quality? You
know, there's probably some downsides.
What are some things you find are just
like, "Okay, that's something we're
sacrificing for the greater good."
>> We're sacrificing product consistency.
Historically when code was expensive to
write, you would carefully plan out
everything your product suite, how every
product relates to each other, what the
use case for every one is, how they
integrate, and you would pretty much
have one product for each use case.
And now with AI moving so quickly
and with so many ideas that we need to
test out, we do sometimes have features
that overlap with each other.
A lot of times it's because there is two
form factors that we love internally and
we want to we want the external audience
to tell us which one is better.
What that means for someone
who's a new user though is
a new user might not know, "Okay, what
is the best path to accomplish X?"
There is
more education we need to do to help
people understand what the core features
are and what the best practices are for
using them.
I I think this is the
This is the cost of launching a lot of
features.
Um I think users also feel like it's
hard to keep up with the latest.
Usually in traditional PM, you ship a
feature every like month or quarter, and
so it's really easy for a user to
to understand, "Okay, I just need to
check in on this once a month, and I'll
learn some new things. And if I ignore
it for 6 months,
it's fine. I don't feel like I'm missing
out." I think with these agentic
tools, not just Cloud Code and Cower,
but like across the whole ecosystem,
people feel this need to like
check Twitter every single day to see
what the absolute latest thing is.
And
I think there's more we can do to help
people
feel less like they're on this
ever-increasingly
fast treadmill, and that they feel like
I I would love people to feel like they
can just open these tools, the tools
will educate them,
um or like teach them what they want to
know,
and that they can
just
feel more ball along.
>> Yeah, I saw you launch this really
interesting feature the other day. I
think it's  powerup, where it
basically walks you through all the cool
ways to all basically all the best
practices to use Cloud Code. Is that
kind of all in these lines?
>> Yeah, exactly. So, in the past, we
didn't actually want to do something
like powerup, because we felt like the
product should be intuitive enough that
you can
that you don't actually need to go
through any tutorial.
And over time, we've just realized that
there's just so many features, and
there's so much demand for a built-in
onboarding experience, that we we
diverge a bit from our original
principle saying, "No no onboarding
flow." And added this because there's
just so many users who wanted to know,
"There's 100 features, what are the 10
that I absolutely need to use?" And so
we put that together.
>> Yeah, it's such a bizarre world. So,
Anthropic has been really successful
with B2B and enterprises, where
traditionally you don't launch a bunch
of stuff. You just kind of have
quarterly release maybe, and it's like
the opposite of every day we got some
new. So, just maybe following that
thread, the run Anthropic has been on is
just
other worldly.
Anthropic was way behind when it
started. It was a mole shared this just
like one of the least funded companies
didn't have distribution wasn't the
first to go. Open AI was way ahead. It
was just like no way Anthropic has any
chance to compete significantly long
term. Now it's just killing it just
beating the biggest companies teams with
so much just like the growth is just
like 11 billion dollars in ARR in one
month.
Drips and growth. By the time this comes
out it'll probably be
even higher.
Just being on the inside what what are
some ingredients that have allowed
Anthropic to be this successful and kind
of come from behind and do this well?
>> The two most important things are one
this unifying mission. It's hard to
state how important this is.
We hire people who care most about
bringing safe AGI to all of humanity.
And this is actually something that we
reference frequently in our decisions
about what our entire product org should
focus on shipping.
And because we put this like mission
above any individual product line, we're
able to make very fast decisions that
cut across the entire org and like
execute on them in a unified way. So I
think this is
this is like something I've never seen
at a company of our scale.
>> And so just to make sure that's clear.
So essentially having the the number one
mission is safety alignment making sure
AI is good for the world and you're
saying just having that as a clear
mission makes decisions a lot easier to
make.
>> If there's two competing priorities,
we'll talk about which one is more
important for Anthropic's mission.
And it makes it a lot easier to decide
which of the two we prioritize and then
everyone will stand behind the one that
we decide.
And so sometimes that means that like
hey we want to ship something on Claude
Code, but this other thing is more
important, and so we deprioritize
shipping this, and we just wait until
later."
>> What's really interesting about that is
that explains, I think, versus uh
another company, maybe rhymes with Open
AI, uh did a lot of different things.
And what I'm hearing here essentially is
like, "Okay, we're not going to launch
social network. We're not going to
launch
uh a feed of interesting information
because it's not aligned to this
mission." And and that has kept
Anthropic focused, which is seems to be
a core ingredient to the success.
>> Well, when when I think about mission, I
think about
putting Anthropic's goals ahead of any
individual org or any individual
product.
And so,
for me, it's I think the second thing
that we're very good at is focus. I
think mission to me is slightly
different.
Mission means that
teams are willing to make sacrifices
that hurt their own goals and their own
KRs in service of Anthropic's goals and
Anthropic's KRs.
And
people are very happy to make those
trade-offs. So, like an extreme example
is
if Claude Code failed, but Anthropic
succeeded, I would be extremely happy.
And like, we're like, the whole team is
very willing to make decisions
that follow that chain of thought.
>> I don't know if you can talk about this
in depth, but do you feel like the open
Claude decision is a part of this? Just
like, "Okay, this is not furthering the
mission of Anthropic. We need to stop
this cuz it's not working in the way we
want it to work."
>> I think one of the most important things
for Anthropic is to
grow the number of users that we're able
to reach. One of the ways that we're
able to do this is with the Claude
subscriptions with our first-party
products. And so, we just very much want
to double down on that. But that does
come at the expense of third-party
products sometimes.
>> So, we've been talking about Claude,
Kwork, all these things. Something that
I I want to make sure people get, and
I'm curious just how you use these
tools. So, there's Claude Code, there's
Claude Desktop/Web, there's Cohere.
What's the best way to understand when
to use which? When do you use each of
these three?
>> So, I tend to use uh Claude Code in the
terminal when I'm just kicking off like
a one-off coding task, and I want all of
the latest features.
Uh the CLI is our initial product
surface, and it's also the one where our
features often land first. And so, it's
the it's the most powerful of all the
tools.
So, that's that's what I tend to use
when I'm just like trying to kick off
one or like maybe like a handful of
tests at a time.
I think desktop really shines when
you're doing something that requires
front-end work. And so, one thing that I
love to do is to use our preview
feature. So, if I'm building a web app,
I'll often use Claude Code in desktop.
I'll have the preview pane open on the
right-hand side, so that I can actually
see the web app that I'm making in real
time as I'm chatting with Claude.
It's also really great for people who
want something a bit more graphical.
Uh a terminal can feel very unfamiliar
to someone who's non-technical.
Um you got a bunch of these like scary
pop-ups on your machine, and you can't
click around the way that you're used to
in pretty much every other product that
you use. So, there's a lot of people who
just like don't feel comfortable in
terminal. And if that's you, I would
highly recommend checking out Claude
Code on desktop.
Desktop is also great for getting an
at-a-glance view of everything that's
happening. So, you can see your CLI
terminal sessions in desktop. You can
see your other desktop sessions. You can
see your sessions that you kicked off on
web and mobile. So, it's a one-stop
control plane where you can see all of
your tasks.
I think the benefit of web and mobile is
that it's really great for kicking
things off on the go. So, CLI and
desktop both require you to be on your
local laptop.
And this is constraining because
sometimes you're out and about, you're
like touching grass, you're going on a
walk. And you don't have your laptop
open, and you don't
I can't count I can't count the number
of people who I've seen like holding
their laptop open like tethered to their
phone while they're outside. And this
just means that we're missing a product
that solves that need. And so, for for
me, what mobile lets you do is kick off
these tasks on the go so that you don't
you don't need to bring your laptop
everywhere and make sure that your
laptop's open wherever you are.
>> I love that. I've I've seen people on
plane like it's just like such a meme
now. Just I need to finish Let this
agent finish. I can't shut this down. I
need Wi-Fi.
>> And then I think for co-work, the the
role that this fills is there's a lot of
work that everyone does where the output
isn't code. So, whether that's like
getting to Slack zero or inbox zero, or
whether that's creating a slide deck for
some customer meeting that's coming up,
or whether that's writing a quick doc on
what the goals of a feature or or what
the launch plan for a feature is. All
these tasks produce outputs that are
non-code, and co-work is best positioned
for that. So, the way that I split the
products in my mind is
if I'm building something where the
output is code, I'll use Cloud Code or
desktop or Cloud Code on mobile. And if
the output is anything that's not code,
I'll use co-work for it.
>> People are just like sleeping on the
success that co-work is having. It's
just like growing incredibly fast. And I
think people still don't understand
maybe what it's for.
And so, what if you give us a couple of
use cases just in your work as a PM?
What are some like really interesting,
maybe unexpected, ways you use co-work
to save you time, get more work done?
>> If you're getting started on co-work,
the first thing that
you really need to do is connect all the
data sources that are relevant to your
role. Because co-work can only do a
great job if it has access to all the
context that it needs to be able to
curate the output for you. So, what that
means for me is I connect it to my
Google Calendar, I connected to my
Slack, to my Gmail, to my Google Drive,
so that it just knows it has the
flexibility to
find relevant context, to ask questions,
to pull in threads.
And this this like substantially
improves the quality of the result.
The kinds of things I use it for are
like last night I was working where we
have this Code with Cloud conference
coming up and there's a few talks that
I'm giving there. And one of the talks
that we're doing talks about the the
transition of Cloud Code from an
assistant to like a full-on agent. And
one of the things that I wanted to do in
this talk was to showcase all of the
products that we've been shipping that
enable this transition and also to
figure out, okay, what are the what are
the success stories that people have had
internally that we can use as demos. And
so I I have my Google Drive connected, I
have Slack connected.
Um
Alex, who is our product marketer, put
together like a draft of what the points
that we that he thinks we should cover
are. And so I just like fed this all
into Cohere, I told Cohere the narrative
that I want to tell. And it actually
just worked for an hour. It It walked
through Twitter to see what we launched,
it looked through our evergreen launch
room, it looked in our Cloud Code
announce channel, which is where our
team posts demos of what how how they've
been getting the most value out of Cloud
Code. And it synthesized all this
together to this 20-page deck that I
woke up to this morning. And I read
through it and it was like pretty good.
There were there were a few tweaks, so I
did have to give it a round of feedback.
I I like my slides to have extremely
minimal words and it was a little too
wordy.
But, you know, it it was far faster than
like what I would be able to produce.
And because Cohere has access to our
whole design system, it actually looks
like an Anthropic designer put it
together. Like it when you visually see
it, you're like, "Oh, this is like
incredibly polished."
So,
uh these are the kinds of things that
are so much faster. Like this making
this slide deck would have taken me
hours. But instead, it like turns out a
draft that is actually quite good, so I
can focus on making sure that the demos
are amazing that we plug into it.
>> This sounds like a dream come true to
PMs that putting decks together is so
annoying.
>> It's so slow.
>> I and I love people will see this deck
whenever you present this. This will be
out in the world this like obviously
it's not the the one-shotted version,
but you've iterated on it. So, just to
help people try this for themselves. So,
step one is connect their What did you
say? Slack? What else do you suggest
they connect?
>> Slack, Google Calendar, Gmail, G Drive.
You should connect your communications
tools and where you store your source of
truth data for what your team cares
about, what you care about, and what
you're working on.
>> Okay. And then what was the prompt
roughly that you put in there to
generate this deck?
>> So, I just wrote, "Make me a slide deck
for the Code with Claude conference.
This is what our PMM suggested it should
cover. This is the current draft that I
made that I don't like. This is one that
I made manually that I don't like, but I
linked it. Can you start by creating a
proposed outline with details? Also,
make sure it doesn't overlap too much
with the keynote talk, which is more
important."
And then Claude read a bunch of the
links that I sent to it and created a
proposed outline. So, then I read
through its proposal and all the
different ideas that I had generated for
what we could cover and I just made a
decision on what I wanted to actually be
in the final deck. And I think this is
like an example of what the role of the
PM still is today. It's like
Claude is a great brainstorming partner.
It's able to synthesize a massive amount
of information really quickly
and present all of the possibilities to
you, but uh the role of the PM is still
to make the end decision of okay, what
what should belong in the final product?
And so for this, what I ended up
deciding was that I wanted the talk to
talk to cover the progression from
making local tasks successful to making
every PR green to like helping engineers
land more PRs. And for each of these,
which demo would be the most compelling.
And then
after this decision about the outline,
co-work just like went off for a few
hours and built the whole slide deck.
>> This is so awesome. What a What an
awesome
part of the job to not have to do
anymore.
Uh and it feels like you're talking to
essentially a deck designer that also
has like actual knowledge about what
you've worked on and
and can like make it actually the
content what you want it to be, not just
make it look really nice.
How did you um How did you do the design
system piece? How does that work? How
does it know the design system of
Anthropic?
>> So, what I did for this is we actually
already have like a standardized deck
that we use across all of our external
engagements. And so I just gave Claude
access to that. And so it's able to see
like what colors we use, what fonts we
use, the different kinds of
what's it called? Like slide formats
that are possible. And so it has like 20
of these example slides that
>> an example, got it. So you like upload
here's our template, work from this.
Yeah.
>> You can also connect like your Figma MCP
if you if you have your slide format um
saved there and it can pull that in.
>> Along those lines, something I'm always
curious about is what's kind of in your
in your stack of tools as a PM at
Anthropic? Obviously Claude Code and
co-work and all the Anthropic tools.
What else are you using? What other
Slack you mentioned? Is there anything
else?
>> So, my stack is pretty heavily Claude
Code, co-work, and Slack.
Anthropic largely runs on Slack. Uh I
feel like it's like the core OS of our
company.
And day-to-day, like
a lot of I I would say maybe 30% of my
time is
pushing the boundaries of what Cogram
and Cogram Code can do so that I have a
very strong sense of
what we're not good at. And
I spend a lot of time talking with the
model to understand why it makes
mistakes that it does. We actually have
a lot of internal tools that we make.
Like I think one of the things that
Cogram Code has really unlocked for our
entire company is it really lowers the
barrier to making any custom app that
you want. And so we we've seen this like
surge in crystallized work software that
people are building for like custom use
cases instead of
um, using tools that don't perfectly fit
the use case.
>> I got to hear more. What are What are
some examples? What are things you
built, other people built that are
really popular and useful?
>> One of the sales folks on Cogram Code,
he he realized he was making these like
repetitive decks over and over and over
again. And so he actually has this web
app that he built with the examples of
the core Cogram Code decks that we know
work well. So like a 101, 201, and
Mastering Cogram Code. And then he has a
way to input specific customer context
that pulls from Salesforce, that pulls
from Gong, that pulls from other notes.
So that we can customize the decks for
specific customers. And so we'll pull
out things like, "Okay, this customer is
using like Bedrock or Cogram for
Enterprise or Console." Which affects
what features are available to them. Um,
it will pull out things like, "Okay,
this customer is concerned about
like the code review stage of the SDLC."
And so we'll add a slide about our code
review features there.
Um, it will pull out things It's "Okay,
this customer needs to be like HIPAA
compliant or needs XYZ security
controls, and so we'll make sure to add
a slide or two in their deck about that.
And then, for example, if if this is a
customer that's on Vertex or Bedrock and
doesn't want to use Cloud for
Enterprise, then we'll just take out
some of the slides that are Cloud for
Enterprise only features. And so,
normally this is like manual work that
could take 20-30 minutes.
Or and so people will either like spend
that time doing it or they'll just
decide not to do it and use the general
deck.
Uh with this, it takes like a few
seconds and you get a tailored deck.
>> What's interesting about it's like Slack
is like the tool that nobody's It's just
like
nobody's trying to create their own.
Slack just continues to win and it's
just like the way you describe it is
kind of the OS of so many companies.
It's so interesting. Like people talk
about Salesforce as just like SaaS. We
don't need SaaS software anymore. We're
going to build our own. It's like Slack
is an adorable tool that nobody wants to
try to compete with and build a better
version.
>> I think it's pretty important
communications infrastructure and I
think they do the core task of helping
everyone get real-time updates
incredibly well.
>> Yeah, like people hate on Slack, but
it's really great at what it's trying to
do. And like like most cutting-edge
teams are are hooked on it. So
interesting.
>> Yeah, and I also love how customi- how
easy they've made to customize it. And
so it's We we love making Slack bots and
the this kind of like hackability
uh means that we're able to integrate
with Slack the way that we want to. So,
really appreciate Slack's work on that.
>> Time to Time to buy some CRM stock.
I am so excited to tell you about this
season's supporting sponsor, Vanta.
Vanta helps over 15,000 companies, like
Cursor, Ramp, Duolingo, Snowflake, and
Atlassian earn and prove trust with
their customers. Teams are building and
shipping products faster than ever
thanks to AI. But as a result, the
amount of risk being introduced into
your product and your business is higher
than it's ever been. Every security
leader that I talked to is feeling the
increasing weight of protecting their
organization, their business, and not to
mention their customer data. Because
things are moving so fast, they are
constantly reacting, having to guess at
priorities, and having to make do with
outdated solutions. Vanta automates
compliance and risk management with over
35 security and privacy frameworks,
including SOC 2, ISO 27001 and HIPAA.
This helps companies get compliant fast
and stay compliant. More than ever
before, trust has the power to make or
break your business. Learn more at
vanta.com/lenny.
And as a listener of this podcast, you
get $1,000 off Vanta. That's
vanta.com/lenny.
Okay, uh so you talked about all these
different teams that and how they use
Quad Code and Co-work to operate. Which
teams do you find, other than
engineering, I imagine engineering is
the biggest token spender, but if not,
that'd be really interesting. What
what's kind of like the second place
function right now for tokens?
>> Oh, Applied AI is amazing at pushing the
boundaries of what Quad Code and Co-work
can do.
A lot of our Applied AI team spends time
with our customers helping them adopt
our API. And so, sometimes our Applied
AI team will, for example, make
prototypes on behalf of these customers,
which Quad Code makes so much faster
than it used to be.
They also have the dual goal of needing
to manage a lot of customer comms, a lot
of like customer inbound, and historical
context, call notes. And so, they're
both extremely heavy on Co-work and on
Quad Code.
>> And just to understand Applied AI, is
that like does that like forward deploy
engineering sort of role? Like what do
they How would you How would most people
describe what a Applied AI Applied AI
team is doing?
>> Yeah, it's helping our customers adopt
the latest API and
uh features
um across their company both for
powering their company's products and
also for internal acceleration.
>> Got it. So, it's like customer success
and go-to-markety kind of like
forward-deployed engineering sort of.
>> Exactly. It's like a very technical
go-to-market person.
>> Got it. Okay, awesome. So, that's So,
you're saying that might be the second
uh org that uses the most tokens.
>> Yeah. And then we we also see them
pushing the boundaries of what Cohere
can do. So, for example, if So, a lot of
these folks cover multiple customers and
in any given day can have like five to
10 customer engagements uh on a high
day. And so, what they often use Cohere
to do is the night before, they'll ask
it to summarize, "Okay, what are all my
customer meetings that are coming up the
next day?
Um what are all the what are all the
things that this customer has asked me
for? Uh what's top of mind for them?
What are the action items from the past
meetings?" And Cohere will just put
together this like dossier, this like
brief of what they should be aware of
going into the next meeting. And Cohere
can also research answers. So, if if a
customer asked, "Okay, when is feature X
going to launch?"
Um Cohere can help the PII person
research through Slack to get the latest
ETA, add that to the add that to the
notes so that during the customer call,
the PII person has the absolute latest.
And these are just workflows that people
are building for themselves and sharing
with other people on their team.
>> So cool. Something that kind of this
question, this trend,
uh I don't know, question topic comes up
a lot recently, which is um
token spend exceeding people's salary,
where people just use AI
uh and it costs more than how much
they're making.
Are there any numbers floating around
Anthropic of just like how much token
spend, say engineers,
uh spend, I don't know, a month, a day,
or PMs, anything like that?
>> It's clear to us that as the models get
better, people delegate far more tasks
to it and they spend a lot more hours in
tools like Claude Code and Co-work. And
so, we do see the token cost per
engineer or like per any knowledge
worker increase every time that there is
a model jump or like a substantial
product improvement. I think it's
still much lower than what the average
engineer salary is, but we see the
percentage increasing over time.
>> It's such an interesting like we talked
about how you have access to the most
cutting-edge models and another
advantage of working at Anthropic, uh I
believe you guys have basically
unlimited tokens. You don't You can use
as much as you want. Is that right?
>> We can use a lot of tokens. Some people
do run into limits, so
>> a limit. Okay. Boris, shut it down.
Uh okay. It's like it's so interesting
how many advantages come from having the
most advanced model. It's such an
interesting like flywheel that starts to
kick in.
>> I think we also believe a lot in
empowering our internal teams to build
as fast as possible and we also trust
that everyone understands how much
capacity that serving these models truly
costs and we trust our team to use the
tokens responsibly. So, it's very
frowned upon to waste tokens.
But, we do trust individuals to make
that judgment call.
>> Awesome.
Coming back to the PM role, you talked
We talked a little bit about this, but I
think this will be really interesting
for people to hear.
Just What I want to understand is what
do you think are kind of the emerging
skills that PMs need to develop
you most look for AI companies most look
for when they're hiring PMs these days?
>> I think the hardest skill is
being able to
define what the product should look like
a month from now.
I think there's a lot of ambiguity in
what models are capable of in that
timeline and how user behavior will
change.
But I think there are patterns that the
best PMs can see based on how users are
abusing the limits of the existing
product.
And the best PMs can sense that, can set
a direction, and can steadily execute
towards it, and change the path if the
model capabilities are much better than
or worse than what they'd originally
expected.
I think it is very hard to be the right
amount of AGI pilled. Cuz I think
everyone can see this like
the this future where the models are
extremely smart and can do almost
everything, in which case
you actually don't need that complicated
a product. You can actually just have a
text box again where you tell the model
what you want. And it's so smart that it
can add any tool or add any integration
that it needs to like get the job done.
It knows when it's uncertain, it can ask
clarifying questions. Like it's
kind of very easy to build the product
for the super AGI
uh strong model.
I think the hard thing is figuring out
for the current model
how do you elicit the maximum
capability? How do you help users
go get onto the
the golden path? How do you like guide
users to interact with the model
strengths and like patch its weaknesses?
The this skill is like pretty rare.
>> Mhm.
And how do you build that skill? Is it
just using each like basically
understanding the limits of each model,
having like
Are you talking about taste,
understanding having taste into what the
model maybe is capable of, what it's
great at, not great at, where it's
changed?
>> I think it's spending a ton of time
talking and using the model.
One of the things I really like to do is
to ask the model to introspect on its
own behaviors.
So sometimes when I notice that the
model does something unexpected, like
for example, there's like situations
where the model will
make a front-end change and run tests,
but not actually use the UI.
It's actually pretty useful to
ask the model to reflect on why it did
this.
And sometimes they'll say that, "Hey,
there's like something confusing in the
system prompts, or I didn't realize that
um the front-end verification was like
part of this task, or hey, I delegated
the verification to this sub-agent, and
the sub-agent didn't do the task, and I
didn't check its work."
A lot of times just like
being very curious about why the model
made the decision that it did will show
you
what misled it, so that you can fix the
harness in order to close this gap.
The other thing that helps is to figure
out who the taste who are the users who
you trust the most to give you accurate
feedback about the model.
Usually there's like a handful of people
who are much better than others at
articulating what makes a specific model
or model-harness combination good.
And
there's a lot of people who will give
you feedback, but not everyone's
feedback is as qualified.
And so, finding a group of those like
five people you trust is really
important for getting very fast
feedback.
I think the third thing that
is useful, but not everyone loves doing,
is building evals.
You don't need to build hundreds of
evals
for them to be useful. Just building 10
great evals
is important for helping the team
quantify what the goal is, and what
their progress towards it is, and what
they're missing. And so, I think evals
is this like underappreciated thing that
more more PMs, more engineers should be
working on.
>> We've covered evals a bunch. There's
this trend of just like that is the
future product management is writing
evals because it and essentially it's
what does success look like? Okay, cool.
Let me actually concretely define it and
then we'll know. How much of your time
are you spending writing evals would you
say?
>> I I think the importance of evals varies
a bit based on the feature that you're
working on and or like what the problem
you're trying to solve is. So there are
a lot of folks on our team who do spend
a lot of time working on evals. We have
a small pod of folks who collaborate
very closely with research to more
precisely understand our Claude code
behaviors and what the
largest areas of improvement are and
trying to measure those pretty
concretely.
I personally jump into evals when
there's a feature that I think needs a
bit more product definition and often
the output of this is okay, here are
like five evals that I made.
Um this is how you run them. These are
the ones that succeed and these are the
ones that don't and this is like the
prompt that I've used to increase the
success rate.
It varies a lot though based on the
exact feature. Uh not every feature
needs it but I think features such as
memory benefit a lot from it.
>> This uh point you made about people
being very good at evaluating models so
interesting. It's almost like a human
eval of just like okay, they understand
where it's spiking or it's maybe
lacking.
Uh is there anyone specific that you
want to shout out that's very good at
this?
>> Uh two people who I think are incredible
at this are
um one Amanda who def who molds Claude's
character. It's just like such a hard
role because the task is so
ambiguous.
Even coding is easier because you can
verify the success whereas crafting the
character requires a very strong sense
of conviction in what who Claude should
be.
And I think she has like an incredible
ability to not only mold the character,
but also to like articulate what the
goals are, what the character what's
successful and what's not.
The other group of people who I really
trust is just like the Claude team.
So we often have team lunches and
whenever there's a new model we're
testing, one of the fastest ways for us
to get feedback is to just like at these
team lunches, just like go to every
single person and just be like, "Hey,
what is your vibe on the model?"
And often times
we'll we'll get feedback like, "Okay,
this model is like
not fully explaining its thinking. It's
like too abrupt." Or like, "Hey, this
model is like
um
just like loves writing a ton of
memories, but like we're not sure if the
memories are high quality or not." Or
like some people will notice that,
"Okay, this this model loves to test
itself, which is great." Or like, "This
model isn't testing itself enough."
So that informs what data we look at to
verify, "Okay, is this a larger
pattern?" So we we have a ton of data,
but it is very hard to extract insights.
And so
the the feedback from this group helps
us inform, "Okay, what are the
hypotheses we want to test?" And then
we're able to extract
data to test that.
>> This point you made about the character
of Claude, I had Ben Mann on the podcast
co-founder
and he talked about this just like the
character, the constitution of Claude is
such an important part of
of
of Claude and I didn't realize until
afterwards just like
like people like with Open Claude
actually, one of the example one of the
reasons people are sad is like the
personality of your Claude is like
because Claude's personality is so good
and fun and
and interesting unlike other models. And
there's And the way he put it is the
personality is what makes Claude so good
at so many things. It feels like this
like trivial side thing. Okay, it's
going to be funny and interesting and
talk in a fun way, but it's like so core
to the success of Claude. Is there
anything you'd share there about just
like what people may not understand
about why the character as you described
and the personality is so key?
>> When you reflect on everyone you've
worked with,
there's just some people where you're
like, I really like their energy. Like,
I really like their vibe.
And when people think about Claude and
Claude Code,
this is one of the things that people
bring up the most where they just really
love that Claude is like
it's it's like light-hearted and fun.
Um but it also is extremely confident at
your task.
People really like that Claude's low
ego. And so, if you tell it, "Hey, you
did this thing wrong." it's like truly
sorry. It's like, "Oh, shoot. Like,
thanks for telling me. Like, let me fix
it. Let's work together." It's also very
positive. So,
if you're feeling like, "Oh, this is
like an insurmountable task. I don't
know how to get started." Claude is
like, "Okay. It's okay. These These are
like the steps that I think we should
take. Like, do you want me to get
started on it for you?"
I think part of what makes a great
coworker is this positivity, this like
bias towards action, this this ability
to give you like earnest feedback, not
just agreeing with every single thing
that you say. And so, we try to imbue
this into Claude because we think it
makes it a lot more enjoyable to work
with.
>> There's something I want to come back
to. You talked about how when new models
come out, you often have to kind of
revisit things you've built. That's so
interesting and so like frustrating
maybe. Just like, "Oh, god damn it.
Reshift this thing. Now I have to
rethink it." Talk about just like how
often you have to come back with a new
model and they're like, "Okay, we have
to redo this product that we launched a
few months ago."
>> A lot of the changes that we make with a
new model is removing features that are
no longer needed. So,
a lot of times we add features to the
product as a crutch for the model
because it's not naturally doing itself.
So, the classic example for this is a
to-do list. When we first launched Quad
Code, people would ask it to do these
large refactors and Quad Code would say,
"Okay, cool. I need to change these like
20 call sites." And it would go and
change five of them and then stop. And
then we were like, "Okay, how do we like
force it to remember to get every single
one of these 20?"
And so Sid on our team was like, "Okay,
what if we just like think about what a
human would do? A human would like make
a list of everything that they need to
change. Similar to how in VS Code you
would look up all the call sites and
it'll be a list on the left side and you
would like go through them one by one
and replace all. How do we give this
kind of like a tool to Quad?" And so he
added the to-do list. And we found that
with that, Quad was actually able to fix
all these 20 call sites. But then with
Opus 4 and later models, we realized
that we didn't need to
force it to use this to-do list. It
would like naturally use it itself.
For the earlier models, we had to keep
reminding it, "Hey, did you finish
everything on the to-do list? You can't
finish until you're done with everything
on the to-do list." And for the later
models, without prompting, it just like
naturally thinks to do everything on the
to-do list.
Um these days, the to-do list is still
nice to have as like a user
um because then you can more clearly see
what Quad is working on. But honestly,
it's such a de-emphasized part of the
product right now that um the model may
use it, the model may not use it. It's
like really not necessary for it to make
thorough changes anymore.
>> I forget who said this on the podcast um
that the model will eat your harness for
breakfast.
And what I'm hearing here is essentially
you
you remove things over time that you've
had to add on top of the model where it
was not operating the way you wanted and
essentially as the models get smarter,
it just it becomes simpler and simpler
for it just to do the thing you want it
to do.
>> Yeah, um we can move remove a lot of
prompting interventions every time the
model gets smarter. And we actually do
this every time we launch a model. We
read through the entire system prompt
and we reflect on, "Okay, for each of
these sections, does the model really
need this reminder anymore? And if not,
we'll remove it. The most exciting thing
that new models unlocks though is just
like entirely new features. So, there's
all the features that we've been testing
out with prior models and the accuracy
wasn't high enough for us to want to
launch them.
And so, one example of this is code
review.
We tried to build a code review product
a few times and we've launched like
simpler versions of code review which is
the slash code review command in the
past. And it was only with the most
recent models that we felt like, "Okay,
this code review is so good that our
engineering team relies on this code
review to pass before we merge PRs."
And we found that this was
we've always dreamed of Claude being
able to be a reliable code reviewer that
can actually that we can like
confidently feel catches the majority of
bugs.
And it was only with like Opus 4 5 and 4
6 that we and uh Sonic 4 6 that we felt
like, "Okay, we are now able to like run
multiple code review agents
simultaneously to traverse
traverse the entirety of the code base
and
to synthesize a set of
like real issues that an engineer needs
to address before merge. And so, this is
like a new capability that the the
newest models have unlocked.
>> This is another trend that is very
common on this podcast of build
something that will possibly be possible
in the next 6 months. You kind of at the
edge of what's working sort of and then
it'll catch up and then it'll be an
amazing product and you'll be ahead of
everyone.
>> Yeah, exactly. Um it's pretty important
to build products that don't necessarily
work yet so that you know, okay, what is
missing
um for this product to work and then
with the newest model, you can just swap
it in to the prototype you've already
made and see, okay, does this new model
close that gap?
>> How much are you able to speak to just
kind of where things are going with Clod
and Cork as kind of the vision of it? I
imagine you don't want to give away too
much about the goal, but it feels like
you're There's all these awesome
features being added on top. Dispatch,
control from phone, and all these mobile
app, all these things. What's kind of
just like with a way to understand the
vision for all these things long term?
>> We think about this in terms of building
blocks. So,
for both Quad Code and Cork, the core
building block is making individual
tasks successful. So, you you want us to
produce some output, you give it a clear
prompt description. Is it able to
consistently produce acceptable output
that you're able to either merge or
share with your colleagues or external
audience? So, the task is the core
building block.
As the models get smarter, the task
success rate gets a lot higher, and then
we see people moving towards doing
multiple tasks at the same time. So,
multi-cloding was this big thing in
towards the end of 2025, and it's only
increased since then. And so, we see
this as, "Okay, great.
One task works, and now you can do like
six tasks at a time."
As the models get even smarter, the way
that we were extrapolating this is,
"Okay,
next, maybe you're going to run like 50
clods at a time or hundreds of clods at
a time." And so, what is the
infrastructure we need to build to
enable that?
At that point, you're probably not going
to run everything locally on your
machine anymore. There's just like not
enough RAM
to do it.
And so, we're we're thinking about
how do we make it easier for you to
manage all these These will probably run
remotely. How do we build the interface
so that you as a human know
which tasks you need to look look into.
How do we make sure that the agent is
fully verifying work so that
when you look at a task and it says it's
done, you like can very quickly verify
and fully trust that it is done to your
spec.
And how do we make sure that this like
process is self-improving? So that when
you do see a task that isn't done to
your liking, you can give it feedback
and the model will know for every future
run to incorporate that feedback so it
never makes that mistake again.
So, this is the progression that we're
we're bringing our users along for.
>> There's a lot of people listening, a lot
of product managers, a lot of maybe
founders, a lot of other
cross-functional folks listening.
There's a lot of worry about just how
their role
the future of their future of their
careers.
What advice would Juffer just people to
not just survive this transition to this
very AI-driven world, but to be really
successful, to essentially just to
thrive in this future? What are just
like things people need to hear, need to
be doing?
>> I think AI gives everybody a ton more
leverage than they used to. And so, I
would push you towards anytime you
realize that you're doing some manual
task multiple times, think about how you
can use Claude Code, Co-work, or other
AI tools to automate that for you.
Most people
have like creative parts of their job
that they absolutely love and then like
tedious parts of their job that they
really hate doing. I think the beauty of
AI is that it can do those tedious parts
for you. It can learn from every time
that you've done that manual task and
generalize and then run it
automatically. And so that you can focus
on the creative parts and that means you
can do a lot more than you used to be
able to do.
So, I think my like immediate push for
people is figure out the repetitive
parts that you can pass to Claude.
Iterate on those automations until the
success rate is very high.
And then focus on, okay, what more can
you be doing for your team, for your
product, for your company that like
people haven't had the bandwidth to pick
up so far? Or like, what is that like
pet project that you always thought the
company should do that like you've never
had bandwidth to do? If AI can take care
of
the like front work, then you have you
have this extra 20% time now that you
might not have before. So, so my push is
to lean into these tools, hand off the
work that you're not excited to do,
figure out how it can accelerate you,
and then as a result, you'll be able to
do so much more.
>> Something core to what you just shared,
which I fully agree with, is find
problems to solve with AI. There's all
this potential what all these tools can
do.
Some of the hard like For a lot of
people, the hardest part is just like,
"What should I actually do?" And what
you're saying here is just pay attention
to things that you are doing constantly
you can automate. Pay attention to just
like ideas that have been floating
around that you haven't had time to do.
Um it's basically it's like solve a
problem for yourself. It's kind of the
core advice there.
>> Exactly. I I would also push listeners
towards focusing on
bringing your automations from, "Okay,
this is a cool concept." to like, "Hey,
this actually works 100% of the time."
Like sometimes I see users trying to
automate something, getting it to like
90-95% accuracy, and then giving up on
it.
And this
If an automation doesn't work 100% of
the time, it's not really an automation.
And that last 5 to 10% does take
more time.
Also, building the automation is often a
lot slower than you doing it yourself.
I would encourage listeners to put in
that time to scope some automation that
you really want to get to 100%. Put in
the elbow grease to teach Claude your
preferences, to like give it feedback so
that it can improve its skill, so that
it can get to that 100%, and then like
really then you'll be able to rely on
it. There There's just not much value in
a 95% there automation.
>> I am super guilty of that. This is
really good advice for me.
>> I've been guilty of this, too. I've been
teaching it. I've been teaching Coda to
try to get me to inbox zero for Gmail,
and it has not been It has been very
time-consuming and it is definitely not
there as you probably realized.
>> Yeah, I funny enough that's exactly
where my mind goes. I have this
uh workflow I set up where every email I
get it
looks for things that are spammy which
is just like all these like hey can I
come on your podcast or what about this
like all these things I'm just like I
don't have time for these sorts of
things and I have it categorized it into
a folder called spammy. And it's just
like it's 95% great but then there's
like oh man I missed an email cuz it
went in there. So this is a good push
for me to like I'm going to work on
this. I'm going to get it to perfect.
>> Yeah. We also are working on making the
flow for customizing these commands a
lot easier cuz right now I think you
have to like know too many concepts. You
have to know to define a skill. You have
to know to like use the skill and give
it feedback. And then you have to know
to tell Coda to update the skill based
on all the feedback that you gave. And
then you also have to know where to read
the skill to like make sure that the
feedback was incorporated the way that
you want. The it's also our job to make
this flow really seamless so that it
doesn't feel painful to do.
>> Amazing.
Is there anything else Kat you wanted to
to share? Anything else you wanted to
leave listeners with? Anything you want
to double down on
that we haven't already touched on
before we get to our very exciting
lightning round?
>> I see a lot of people playing around
with AI
and building like prototype apps and
tinkering with building workflows.
I would really push people towards
building apps that you're actually using
every single day cuz I think only
through that usage are you actually
getting the value. Like if you build a
prototype app that
isn't helping you get more done
then the the AI isn't really adding
value to your to your day.
>> And there's only so much you learn from
that when it's like okay I just did one
shot at something oh that's cool and
then you never come back to it. Like
you're not learning a lot.
>> And you're not getting like much
leverage from it.
>> And actual leverage yeah that's such a
good point.
>> I also think there's a lot of people who
spend a lot of time like customizing
their workflow. So, there's like I think
there's like two ends of the spectrum.
One is like people who never customize
or never build automations, but there's
like this polar opposite end of people
who, like, obsess around
customizing their tool, like, adding a
ton of skills and MCPs and
um these like workflow improvements.
And I think sometimes that can even
distract from your core goal of like
launching some product or building some
feature. I think there's a lot of fun in
customizing and we definitely want to
make our products very hackable so that
you you can make it work really well for
you, but there is a limit to
how much it's useful.
Um and I think there there's a camp of
people who maybe spend so much time
customizing that they're like not
sleeping and not doing the like core
task that they originally set out to do.
>> I see a lot of that on Twitter.
Just like, "Look at my setup. It's out
of control. It's so optimized." And what
are you What are What are you actually
building? No, but my my setup is so
awesome. Like, you can get so much done.
>> I think the simple setups actually work
better.
>> Mm. Slash power up. Getting Take level
up a little bit.
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> There's this Karpathy tweet that just uh
came out on yesterday where he talked
about this divide that's interesting
between people that tried chat GPT cloud
back in the day, it was like, "Okay."
And they're like, "Nah, this is This is
terrible." And they kind of gave up on
like what AI could do for them and they
just like so cynical of like, "No way,
it's not actually that big of a deal."
And then there's people that are
using it to code, essentially, who see
the full
intense power of it and how good it is.
And
people on both sides don't understand
the other side and why they like how
much they how they see the world.
And so, your advice is really good here
of just like actually use it for real
things and see how good it actually has
gotten.
>> Yeah. I think that big shift is that the
2024 generation of products were
chat-based and the cloud code generation
of products is action based and
the like big aha moment people have is
when Claude can just like do things on
your behalf. It is It is an amazing
feeling to know that the agent is
capable of doing so much more than
telling you what to do. Like the agent
can actually just do it itself and when
people feel that, I I think that's the
eye-opening moment.
>> Shout out Chrome extension, the Claude
Chrome extension which you can just
watch it doing stuff. You be like fill
out this form for me and I'm like all
right, here I go.
>> Exactly.
>> Okay. Anything else before we get to our
very exciting lightning round?
>> No, let's do it.
>> Let's do it. Kat, I've got five
questions for you. Welcome to the
lightning round. There's this animation
that plays so I have to make sure to say
it.
Are you ready?
>> I'm ready.
>> First question, what are two or three
books that you find yourself
recommending most other people?
>> I really like how Asia works. It's a
story about economic development and
what are the like the policies and
governments that make long-lasting
successful economies.
The other books that I'm really into are
the technology trap. So this is actually
about the past few technology
revolutions, so the industrial
revolution and the computer revolution
and how this has affected workers.
The The reason that I really like this
is because I think we there's a lot we
can learn from history to make sure that
this transition goes well.
And
maybe on like a fun note, I really like
Paper Menagerie.
It's just like a book of short stories
about like coming of age and AI and
just like self-discovery.
>> Favorite recent movie or TV show you
have really enjoyed?
>> I really like Drive to Survive.
There's no like deeper meaning to it. I
just
There's just something very satisfying
about people being so obsessed with like
a singular engineering goal and
just like the purity of the pursuit. Um
and I also really love Free Solo, which
is about Alex Honnold um climbing El
Capitan without a harness. And I think
similarly, it's just such a pure
achievement to be able to climb this
extremely challenging, dangerous route.
And to be able to have the mental focus
to do it knowing that if you make a
single mistake, you die.
>> It's insane. Yeah, that movie is out of
control. And it's interesting how these
relate in some way to the work you do.
>> I actually am a rock climber. Um but I
first watched Free Solo before I climbed
rocks. And so
I I thought it was impressive, I didn't
understand how impressive it was. It's
one of the rare movies where like the
more you know about it, the more you're
you're blown away by how insane this is.
Like the kinds
the kinds of moves he's doing on the
wall are things that like
I don't think I will ever be able to do
in my lifetime if it were set in a gym
like 1 ft off the ground.
>> With a rope.
>> Did you see that documentary on that
other guy, the younger one that went on
like ice mountains?
>> That one was very sad.
>> But that was that was wild. Okay, uh
favorite product you've recently
discovered that you really love?
>> The product that has like most changed
my life outside of cloud products is
probably Waymo.
Like I'm a die-hard Waymo user.
Um use it twice a day, get to and from
work. So the two things that I really
like about it are one,
I don't feel bad if a Waymo is waiting
for me. And so I feel like I feel less
pressure to
be right at the curbside the moment it
arrives. And the second thing is, I feel
like it lets me be a bit more
productive.
Um when when I'm in the car with another
human, I I typically try not to like do
any work calls. I I feel a little rude
if I'm like on my laptop the whole time,
but one thing I really appreciate about
the Waymo is I can call into a work
call, I'm not worried about someone
overhearing me, I'm not worried about
hey, is this like rude, am I talking too
loud, do I need to tell ask someone to
like change the music? And so this has
been like I feel like this has given me
back like 30 minutes every day.
>> All these second order effects of of
technology, it's so interesting.
>> Yeah, I always thought Waymo needed to
be priced lower than Uber and Lyft to
succeed, but actually I'm like very
happy to pay a 2x premium for it.
>> I love Waymo. It's just like like once
you see it, you're just like
how this is insane and and then you get
used to it. Like you get in there,
you're like this is crazy and then you
forget about it.
>> Totally. I think it's also changed the
vernacular. Like a lot of people at
Anthropic love Waymo and I think in the
past you'd be like, hey, like what's
call like follow a ride share app and
now like everyone's just like, okay, is
Waymo here?
>> Okay, two more questions.
Do you have a favorite life motto that
you often come back to in work or in
life?
>> Just do things.
>> That tracks. That's a good one.
>> lot of value in like first principles
thinking and if if you like if you know
what you're optimizing for and you have
like strong first principles, then you
can normally deduce what the right like
course of action is and be able to
clearly articulate that to all the
stakeholders and then
you should just like do it. Like I think
jobs are fake.
If you understand the constraints, you
can figure out what you can do and then
just like try to do it quickly, learn
from the mistakes and
apologize or fix them if you did
something wrong.
>> You You could just do things. Whoever
said that?
>> I think it's liberating actually to like
tell people this. I think in a lot of
companies like roles are very strictly
defined. Like, okay, this is what the PM
does, this is what the designer does,
this is what the engineer does and then
even team scopes are very rigidly
defined. So hey, like this corner of the
code base we touch and this corner like
we're not allowed to touch and I I what
just do things lets people do is they
feel like empowered to make these
decisions, empowered to operate across
team boundaries just like get something
done.
>> That feels like a big
important skill to be good at. People
call it agency. Just like do the things
that need to be done.
>> Bias towards action. All these ways of
describing just like don't wait for
permission.
>> Yeah, I think this is my favorite reason
to work at a startup at some point in
your life because like one thing that
was like very life changing for me was
actually working at scale when we were
20 people and so there was just no
process and we had like really big
problems that we needed to solve and
it was like I really appreciate Alex and
the rest of the team for like empowering
me and the rest of the team to just like
figure things out without any boundaries
for what sales is supposed to do, what
ops is supposed to do, what engineers is
supposed to do. Just like you have all
the tools at your disposal.
You have some like ambitious hairy
problem statement and you can do
whatever you need to like get to a good
solution.
>> Like you almost need that experience to
build that skill to feel comfortable
doing that cuz a lot of people, you
know, they go through school and college
and all these like do the thing we tell
you to do and then you will get a good
grade. And you have to kind of unlearn
that of like, okay, I'm just going to do
the thing that needs to be done and even
if people think it's dumb, I think it's
the right thing to do.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> Okay, I actually have two more quick
questions. Two more final questions. One
is uh when Claude thinks there's all
these I don't know if you call them
verbs. What's the term for these things?
>> Uh thinking words.
>> Thinking words and interestingly these
all leaked in the source code. Uh is it
do you have a favorite thinking word?
>> Mhm, I really like manifesting. It's
also like the sticker that
I I have on my laptop.
>> Oh, amazing. It's clearly the winner.
Okay, final question. Asked Boris this
too. With AGI
potentially arriving in our lifetime
when you don't
potentially have to work, what are you
going to do? What are you going to do
with all your time?
>> I think it it will take a long time for
AGI to diffuse across society. So, I
think that media thing is actually just
like helping bring the world along. I
think my like non-serious answer for
after this happens is I'll probably just
do a lot of rock climbing. I'll probably
just like live in some
I'll probably move to like Fontainebleau
and just like live amongst 10,000
boulders and
climb for a bit. There's also so many
books I want to read that
my my goal is to be able to read one or
two books a week and I'm currently at
probably like 0.5.
I the backlog is pretty big. I think
there's just like so much we can learn
from history and so much that I don't
understand as well as I would love to.
Like I don't know anything about physics
and
or like robotics or like
any hardware or like aerospace or
there's just so many interesting topics.
So, I'm excited to learn even even
knowing that the AGI will already know
it.
>> Cat, this was amazing. You're awesome.
Two follow-up questions. Where can folks
find you online if they want to reach
out and just follow what you're up to?
And how can listeners be useful to you?
>> The best way to reach out is I'm _catwo
on Twitter.
Um feel free to like tag me in things.
Feel free to DM me. I read all all my
DMs. I don't always respond to every
single one, but I will read them all.
And then the thing that is most helpful
is
tell us where Claude Code and Co-work
aren't working well for you. We we're
very grateful for the amount of positive
feedback, but the thing that we thrive
on is
edge cases, errors, like specific tasks
that we can reproduce where Claude Code
or Co-work fail. Because if you're able
to share that with us and we're able to
reproduce it, then this is something
that we're able to actively improve for
our next generations of models and for
our next harnesses.
>> Extremely cool. Everyone on People on
Twitter are not shy with sharing this
feedback, so
keep it coming.
>> Yes, share us share Please please share
the problems that you're having with us.
>> Yeah, and it's really cool to see all
you your team being on so active on
Twitter and responding to people.
And so so like what I'm hearing like
this is actually stuff you guys actually
see and react to, so.
>> Yeah, we appreciate everyone being so
engaged with us. It gives the team a ton
of energy. We we have this channel of
like user love and so whenever you guys
share a success story, we post it there
and whenever you guys share like issues
with our product, we put it into our
feedback channel that way our broader
team is able to act on it.
>> That is so cool to know.
Thanks for sharing that.
Well, Cat, thank you so much for being
here.
>> Thanks for having me.
>> Bye everyone.
Thank you so much for listening. If you
found this valuable, you can subscribe
to the show on Apple Podcasts, Spotify,
or your favorite podcast app.
Also, please consider giving us a rating
or leaving a review as that really helps
other listeners find the podcast. You
can find all past episodes or learn more
about the show at lennyspodcast.com.
See you in the next episode.